so we changed the route name all to /Chef
then we switch the Chef_Model to cuisine hasmany chef
now there are two tables: cuisine and chef.both have foregin key
Added the cuisineMap as global vaule so there is cuisineId and ChefId
Also added cuisine.js
but the cuisine type cant show in the html page
he also changed your const {chef} to db

👍 👍 :]
yea frontend can see almost the same but now we have two tables
should we keep it the old way? or keep fixing this one?
It is not easy to make this changes so I wanna keep working on it.
but it takes time
oh rigth
I know, that's why I wanna look for some example to study, hard to find a good one

so tmr you guys will meet and talk to Nick together?
what's your plan?
I want to jion too after Link's checkup at 2pm

can you guys talk lough there?
I mean in library can u do zoom for 2 hours?


--
yeee! the plan for tomorrow is to meet up at sf state between 2pm - 6pm
I would love for ya to come study with us tomorrow to SF, just for tomorrow. I want to the majority of the group to be at one place
I will be home by 3 then drive 40 mins to there tho
wanna come over? 
or i can ask Nick to take half day off to take Link.

Yea parking is sucks 


Another fact is there will be traffic after 3 in downtown,

or you can keep asking about this backend stuffs with Nick tmr, I still not some help

k
--
oh oh oh oh oh I have an idea
can you give me 5 minutes. i am going to make a folder with the new code you wrote
i'll tell ya what to do next





--
hey larry, give me a give Y/N answer:
did you editted 3 files, correct? 👍?
cool
let me give you an idea what we are gonna do, to make evryhting work
becaause there was not push on your files yet, I made copies of those 3 exact files.
i just finished making 2 folder containing the old versiion of code & your new version of code

we will push all the updates you just made. I'll merge, then we all can do a git pull.

we can discuss what to edit/adjust tomorrow. 

then i'll tell ya something to do after that.!

we good? ok

before you git push lets just edit one thing.
lemme show you what
= setup for you =
- close terminal for you
- ctrl + S the 3 files
- display only 2 panels on your screen
    - left side - Cuisine.js
    - right side - text.txt

sounds ok

well decide later. tell me if you're up for it, or plan to study remotely. side note, you are good as a remote person.

For me I want to just talk with ya about your new code in person and decide how to move forward

ah, we all want to, we wanted to today, but the down side was that Herman & Wilson will need to find parking in SF if we worked at your place...


ok I won't able to join since when I finish and drive there you guys alomst done
keep me update then


--
true, very true. the good and challenging part about all this coding project is to learn how to adapt and or accept.


--
as a thought, think about this.
Herman is using the main project folder so he can test you the front-end UI
this makes your testing on back-end to front-end coding difficult to apply
your back-end testing is more open & if this new code was tested in the duplicate folder
once we see the duplicate folder working good,
it then makes it super simple to apply your new code into the main project folder

--
besides that. we just adapt. just need to see the proper edits & connections

I'll address one thing first
this is good stuff!
the down side is, I wanted this to only be tested under the duplicated folder vs the main project folder. 

the old way will maintain the old code, until we can be forsure about the new you you've made. 

but damn, this is good!!


hola, rigth now imma see the small changes Nick suggested

can you type out what you did so far?

oh yeah
console.log(Chef_Model)
that was to check what I am returning
it views the table name in the terminal console.log